mapper,beta deprication, and proxy removed (#20055)
demisto/content: Packs/MailListener_-_POP3/ReleaseNotes/2_0_0.md

#### Integrations
##### MailListener - POP3
- Removed integration from beta version.

> - Added **Incoming mapper** to map incoming emails to **Phishing** incident type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added a default *incoming mapper* for mapping incoming emails to the *Phishing* incident type.
```
